DOC: Migration guide: Deferred task creation (#537)
oneapi-src/oneTBB: doc/main/tbb_userguide/Migration_Guide/Task_API.rst

        }
        tg.wait();
    }

Deferred task creation
----------------------

> The low-level task API of TBB separates task creation from actual spawning. This separation allows to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TBB low-level task API separates the task creation from the actual spawning. This separation allows to
```

> postpone task spawning while having parent task blocked(and final result production) from premature leave. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
postpone the task spawning, while the parent task and final result production are blocked from premature leave. 
```

For example, ``RootTask``, ``ChildTask``, and ``CallBackTask`` are the user-side functors that

> inherit ``tbb::task`` and implement its interface. Then blocking of ``RootTask`` from premature leave 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
inherit ``tbb::task`` and implement its interface. Then, blocking the ``RootTask`` from leaving prematurely
```

> and waiting on it is implemented as: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and waiting on it is implemented as follows: 
```

.. code:: cpp

    #include <tbb/task.h>

    int main() {
        // Assuming RootTask, ChildTask, and CallBackTask are defined.
        RootTask& root = *new(tbb::task::allocate_root()) RootTask{};

        ChildTask&    child    = *new(root.allocate_child()) ChildTask{/*params*/};
        CallBackTask& cb_task  = *new(root.allocate_child()) CallBackTask{/*params*/};

        root.set_ref_count(3);
        
        tbb::task::spawn(child);
        
        register_callback([cb_task&](){
            tbb::task::enqueue(cb_task);
        });

        root.wait_for_all();

>         // Control flow will rich here only after both ChildTask and CallBackTask are executed,

Reviewer: not clear what it reaches, maybe you meant **Control flow is reached**

Author: This piece of programming jargon ([Control Flow](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Control_flow) ) means that CPU executing thid program will reach here only when both ChildTask and CallBackTask are executed

Reviewer: Ok, I see now, thanks, then change it to reach instead of rich

Author: channged

>         // i.e. aftet the callback is called  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // i.e. after the callback is called  
```

    }

In oneTBB this can be done using the preview feature of ``oneapi::tbb::task_group``.

.. code:: cpp

    #define TBB_PREVIEW_TASK_GROUP_EXTENSIONS 1
    #include <oneapi/tbb/task_group.h>

    int main(){
        oneapi::tbb::task_group tg;
        oneapi::tbb::task_arena arena;

>         // Assuming ChildTask, and CallBackTask are defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Assuming ChildTask and CallBackTask are defined.
```

        
        auto cb = tg.defer(CallBackTask{/*params*/});
        
        register_callback([&tg, c = std::move(cb), &arena]{
            arena.enqueue(c);
        });        

        tg.run(ChildTask{/*params*/});

 
        tg.wait();

>         // Control flow will get here once both ChildTask CallBackTask are executed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Control flow gets here once both ChildTask and CallBackTask are executed
```

>         // i.e. aftet the callback is called  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // i.e. after the callback is called  
```

    }

> Here ``oneapi::tbb::task_group::defer`` adds a new task into the ``tg``. Howether the task is not spawned until 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here ``oneapi::tbb::task_group::defer`` adds a new task into the ``tg``. However, the task is not spawned until 
```

``oneapi::tbb::task_arena::enqueue`` is called. 

> Please note that call to ``oneapi::tbb::task_group::wait`` will not return control untiol both ``ChildTask`` and 

Reviewer: .. note::
  The call to ``oneapi::tbb::task_group::wait`` does not return the control until both ``ChildTask`` and ``CallBackTask`` 
  are executed.

Author: added   ``  .. note :: ``
